Sandbox Support (#118)
RecordedFuture-ProfessionalServices/psengine: docs/modules/sandbox.md

    - `kind='url'` requires `url` — the URL is opened in a browser inside the analysis VM.
    - `kind='fetch'` requires `url` — the sandbox downloads the file at that URL first, then detonates it.
    - `kind='import'` requires `source_id` — a public Triage sample id to copy in.
- Submissions are asynchronous. The sample status transitions through `pending` → `static_analysis` → `scheduled` → `running` → `processing` → `reported` (terminal, success) or `failed` (terminal, error). To wait for results, poll `fetch_sample(id).status` until it reaches a terminal state (see example 4 below). Typical wall-clock for a URL submission is 1–3 minutes.
- `delete_sample`, `update_profile`, and `delete_profile` are designed for best-effort cleanup:
    - `update_profile` and `delete_profile` are **idempotent on 404** — a missing target returns `updated=False` / `deleted=False` instead of raising, so you can call them without first checking existence.
    - `delete_sample` is not idempotent: any non-2xx response (including "already deleted") raises `SampleDeleteError`. The Triage API maps all delete failures to `401`, so the raw error message on the exception is your only signal for *why*.

> - `update_profile` is a **full replace**: every non-`id` field must be supplied. Any optional field you omit is cleared on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `update_profile` is a **full replace**: name, tags and timeout are required; any optional field you omit is cleared on the server.
```

Reviewer: This contradicts the next sentence (omitted optional fields are cleared) and the optional geolocation/browser.
